Exercise 1
==========

Imagine that we store all of our historical application logs on a server in
a series of directories organized by application, with separate log files
per day.  For example:

    /logs
        /foo-app
            uiowa.foo-app.log.2010-12-31
            uiowa.foo-app.log.2011-01-01
            uiowa.foo-app.log.2011-01-02
            uiowa.foo-app.log.2011-01-03
            uiowa.foo-app.log.2011-01-04
            ... etc ...
        /bar-app
            uiowa.bar-app.log.2010-12-31
            uiowa.bar-app.log.2011-01-01
            uiowa.bar-app.log.2011-01-02
            uiowa.bar-app.log.2011-01-03
            uiowa.bar-app.log.2011-01-04
            ... etc ...
		
These log files are generated by the log4j library, contain only text, and
have log lines that typically look like this:

    2010-10-16 14:38:12,191 DEBUG [userid@128.255.56.1] uiowa.Category Some arbitrary log message...

This log line contains:
  - the timestamp of the event
  - a log level indicating the severity of the event
  - a "user identity" consisting of a possible userid, and the ip address they connected from
  - a log category
  - some arbitrary log message

We often get requests that require us to extract information from these logs.
As much as possible, we want to extract this information and hand it off as
quickly as possible.

Imagine for this exercise that you have been asked to provide a count of the
number of unique users per day over the course of a 5-day period.

Write an application that will read through all of the log files and print out 
a total of unique user login based on the userid associated with each line. 
You can ignore lines that don't identify a specific userid.  IP addresses are
not important for this report, a user can log in from multiple IP addresses.
 
An example log file has been included in this directory.  Assume that you have
multiple log files in a directory that all end with the date associated with those
log events.  You will be given a list of dates to generate counts for.


You are free to use any technology to solve this problem.

Extra credit if you use something other than Java (as exercise 2 will 
require Java).
